Fix `wait` on update of `argocd_application` (#246)
oboukili/terraform-provider-argocd: docs/resources/application.md

- `cascade` (Boolean) Whether to applying cascading deletion when application is removed.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

> - `wait` (Boolean) Upon application creation or update, wait for application health/sync status to be healthy/Synced, upon application deletion, wait for application to be removed, when set to true. Wait timeouts are controlled by Terraform Create, Update and Delete resource timeouts (all default to 5 minutes). **Note**: if ArgoCD decides not to sync an application (e.g. because the project to which the application belongs has a `sync_window` applied) then you will a timeout is expected if `wait = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wait` (Boolean) Upon application creation or update, wait for application health/sync status to be healthy/Synced, upon application deletion, wait for application to be removed, when set to true. Wait timeouts are controlled by Terraform Create, Update and Delete resource timeouts (all default to 5 minutes). **Note**: if ArgoCD decides not to sync an application (e.g. because the project to which the application belongs has a `sync_window` applied) then you will experience an expected timeout event if `wait = true`.
```
